ADR: Status API SDK (#979)
govuk-one-login/account-interventions-service: adr/xxx-status-api-sdk.md

# Status API SDK

## What

Provide a Typescript SDK for the Status v2 API.
We will publish this SDK to a package repository so that it can easily be consumed by other teams.

We won't provide a Java SDK for now, due to lack of expertise in the team.

> Although we might support another team if they wanted to create an SDK.

Reviewer: **Suggestion (non-blocking):**

I think we can be a bit more bullish here

```suggestion
We won't provide a Java SDK due to lack of expertise in the team.
We will support another team if they want to create a Java SDK.
```
